Hi there.
Welcome back on this is Molinaro.
So now we are going to do the demo for bonded.
OK.
And a new motor car bonded while cars husband are just in the genetics to mock us.
So now let's go ahead and look at the code.
So we are going to look at this method cardless display.
We have seen it in the lecture but did we were using bookmark as the upper bone.
But here it is number so that display at that is a harmless method.
All it does is displays the elements of the booklets.
OK that's what we're doing here.
And the for loop we are adding to the list.
We are displaying the element each element here.
So we are using this excellence key what God gives us the flexibility to invoke it with either a list
of number or list of any type of number like in this tough interger.
OK so now because the bonus number we can also invoke one of the methods of it directly and we won't
have any Schuss.
So this is a harmless scenario and so we need to work cut on the invariant property and this gives us
that flexibility.
And this is a producer off the know that extends only produces data.
So if we try to consume data then we get decomposition.
You are limited in dentally uses the argument that uses the class level type parameter.
So because of that we cannot do this.
Only thing is we can argue we can pass a null value so we can do that.
Now if I make this super It means that it can consume data.
OK.
You know with the uncommon this we won't have the compilation error anymore.
So that is fine because it is consuming data.
But here we are getting a compilation error on that because here the pipe is number OK it is fine if
we pass a list off number but we know that this kind of super It can also be passed is supertype like
a lost object.
OK so that element would be object.
So if we make this object here then we are good.
But we we should not be come's producing that also could not produce data should only consume data as
we have seen in that recommendation.
So we should not be doing that.
So here are two year back.
So let me just go ahead and grandis go back.
So we are looking at twice here once here passing a list on and dejour unwanted stuff.
So if you run it.
So its husbanding the end granules and then it is printing the double on use.
Okay.
So that's the nice thing.
And one more thing is the scene Mattel can also be represented and this meant using a genetic method
.
Okay here is the genetic method.
So it can be done in that we set it up as introductory.
So here this is not a genetic matter it is just a bicarb type only a wild card type is being used because
there is no type parameter here as we can see.
But this one it just does the same thing here the type barometer extends a number and we are using a
list of B and we are still in the aliments and it will give us the exact same book.
You can try it out later when the thing is here we have a compilation error because this boater duplicate
methods on thats because it is it at runtime but on time all this GeneDx examination will be will be
removed.
So all of this will be to more on both of them are the exact same methods so they are not there it's
not method overloading were discarded earlier or.
So I mean just common this out.
The only thing is you might ask which of the two approaches should be used and that we will see later
.
But the main thing is if the type but amygdala is used only once here in the method declaration then
this is before it but if it is used multiple times let's say once in the return type and once here or
so only in the multiple times only in the matter parameterless then it would go for a genetic method
.
OK.
Because you can reuse this so there is a dependency between in the in the matter declaration dependency
across in the method declaration across the method parameters on that it and BYB are just the method
parameters because it's being reused here.
So that's why you want to do it but if it is used only once then this is not how but later at the end
of the lecture we will also look at some brief notes on that.
So that's not so let's go back to me on Coman this woman to come here.
So here we are invoking this agregate with you momentarily.
So basically I could get to be looked at the aggregate regarding the previous wissen.
So here you're passing the list into list and a list.
And we are also passing a nominalist which is declared here iron all the elements from both these lists
are added into the nominalist so we're good at getting it.
So if we go here to get with consumer on here is the aggregate method which we have seen earlier but
there we used a genetic Mettler this was from the bottom of the previous demos.
So we are using most wanted list on list.
The only thing this year.
Everything is off seemed.
But here because.
Because we are doing it this way we can how we can pass different types of elements.
So L-1 for anyone we can pass a list of integer.
And for that we can pass and this stuff double or whatever it is.
So here it is a generic Mathare as you can see that is a pipe barometer.
And this is an upper bonded wild card but the ball is either here or the bone is the iron.
Here we are using.
We are assuming that the torso we are using is super.
Here are the stupid Amato's.
It is excellence.
Ken here we are adding the elements and do all three costarring L-1 elements than any two elements.
By looking at all the material.
So we are consuming data on how super is used here.
So again I named it as agregate with concealer because if we do not do that then we get a duplicate
both of them would be deep or duplicate.
I just named this as aggregate.
So let's go back and let's just run it around here that is the nominalist.
So it has all the six elements.
Now I'm in here you have the same method can also be expressed using genetic markers.
So most of the methods can be exposed in this way.
In this case we are using the tree which is this fun for the consumer and even is extending E3 and also
is extending E3 but E3 is being used only once here.
So I think this is portable.
This is preferable about using the wild card.
Does this approach is profitable.
I know it is also much more clear because this is the exchange and this is excellence and this is super
.
So it is much more crowded also.
So this is a profitable approach for this because that type element is not being used here is not being
used more than once here and this is okay.
So.
So lets go back.
So thats what that non-intellectual you also get some commonly used methods from collections.
Let's look at some of them here.
So one of them is at Ohlemacher iron.
We know that at all amateur basically and the elements here in the collection and we're using super
for that.
So this is the method from the Collections class.
So this is the all and we are passing through in Google use here and we are adding them into this other
list off object.
Marjorie Howard or it IX's the pipe is in the pipe in Ford is in danger.
And here we are having the lower Bonner's integer and integer here.
So that's sort it is so because lower bonus because the lower bar is integer we can pass a collection
of integer or a collection of object.
So that's what we are doing we are passing a list of object.
So basically the the type argument are used is the most specific subtype across the type arguments.
So this is object indeed on an Dejah.
So because we are using super head smartly they used the integers as the argument against the pipe argument
.
So they use the most specific.
Now copy as copies from the dhaba here from the second but go to source in this list.
So copy would copy everything and this and get that image.
So from the starting from zero to lament it would copy everything and go into the same index positions
.
And if this list happens to be a bigger slice then all the remaining elements after the elements are
copied from here will be retained.
OK they they will have the same values as this.
Let's look at the matter here.
OK so this is super because it's consuming data on sources externes we look at that.
And once again it's a genetic McChord.
So we go back Howard on it.
So you're passing a double list on a list so that type in court isn't up and it's more specifics update
.
And here we are just simply printing the last of the copy operation.
And the third one is that this joint operation which we have also seen.
So we are passing disjoined both the Los Angeles on the list and it uses an unbonded Why not simply
print and go to accrue if the if there are no common elements between the two options.
It's an unwonted.
Because we really don't care what the pipe is in here and disposed on here.
In the past.
So I me run this.
So here we are after the copy operation all the elements are copied at the beginning.
But the nominalist also had some double elements here.
Okay.
The last three elements.
So they are retained as it is and they design and operation here as a dining group because one is an
interest on one is a double list so you cannot have any common elements.
So that's not and we also to replace Mathare if you recall now for the replacement there I end or just
a simple replace method which is pretty much like the replace method and the replace all method in the
collections.
So all that is doing is go back.
This is the matter Qurei bliss all this is a generic method but there is also a question here which
uses the super but replace all book producing and consuming data.
So it should be like this.
OK.
Now let's let's just serialist.
So this in this list.
So this is all value on this is the new value and the old values present we need to replace it.
So let me just move back.
So here is the list and we are saying or replace all the values of eleven point forty four.
So there are two instances seven point eleven point five on here on it.
It is printing again with 44.
OK Art but replace all the math and I just want to show you that it can also be done in this way like
using a wildcard type.
OK with this thing a lot wanted card type but you shouldn't be doing this in this case it is fine because
you are using only the equals method and the object.
But if this happens to be something like a bookmark or a number then and if you using some methods specific
to that lower bone then we can run into cross-current exceptions because it can also be passed a number
.
In this case it is fine because we're only using the term object.
Equals is a matter Klym object.
But as we said if we are both producing and consuming data then we need to use eques then we need to
use equal match.
Here we're producing the data on here using the segment that we are consuming data.
So that's about that.
And finally here is yet here I just wanted to show this.
This is an idealist.
So this is one way in which our eldest is using it.
So this is a constructor and an idealist is taking this collection and copies all elements of this collection
into the audience.
We are using extents but e is actually the barometer of the cost the cost of that parameter.
OK.
So this again.
So in this case because of that the the number is the class level type parameter.
OK.
But we can also pass a list of integer.
OK a list of indigenes can be passed because here the matter is this extents number right.
It says excellence member you could be number because a number is being passed as type argument.
And if it is number which means that we can also invoke this constructor using a collection or number
or any updates on that's what we are doing here.
So I bonded wild card is helping us do that.
So this is just an example.
So that's about it for now.
And this court is available in the resources section.
Let me also just discuss a little bit about how when to use Spight type barometers versus who are you
carps which we also discussed earlier.
But you have to look at critically a bit more.
So let's say there were some sites not okay like we discussed earlier many methods can be declared using
just wild cards are using generic methods.
So the question is which of the two approaches should we play for.
We should go for genetic matter of the same type Hamacher appears multiple times in the method declaration
but does dependency exist and long pipes off one or more Meklit parameters and are then you can.
For instance in the automatic Collections class same type but I'm eager It appears more than once.
Among the parameters.
So far this genetic matter it is appropriate.
Similarly here is another method from the collections class.
She had also the same type parameter appears more than once.
As part of the method return type and once as part of the motet parameter but of the same type parameter
is not going great at multiple times then go forward.
What else is there to Cinematheque which we have seen earlier under-equipped the best dirt using a white
wildcard as a type parameter would have appeared only once.
Finally this is a disappointment there from the collections class which we have seen earlier this also
unbonded wild card is better.
And this gives book collections can have different types of elements.
So if we a person using a genetic method B would have to use different parameters put a beating on me
once in them at the declaration.
So wildcard is the way to go.
So that's about it.
I hope you enjoyed learning about Willcocks.
It should help you to write better library code.
Thank you.